src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ApplicationDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=26)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ApplicationDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=26)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemRegistrationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemRegistrationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'siteNotice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'siteNotice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'privacyPolicy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'privacyPolicy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:142:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like emailAddressSuffixRegEx
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:142:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like emailAddressSuffixRegEx
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailAddressSuffixRegEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailAddressSuffixRegEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:168:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:168:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:179:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:179:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'warningPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'warningPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'returnPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'returnPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:236:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:236:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:253:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemRegistrationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:253:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemRegistrationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'systemRegistrationStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'systemRegistrationStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'anonRights' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'anonRights' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:266:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'logo' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:266:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'logo' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:269:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'logo' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:269:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'logo' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:269:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ApplicationDto.java:269:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AttributeDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.556%, NOPA=0, NOAM=17, WMC=18)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AttributeDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.556%, NOPA=0, NOAM=17, WMC=18)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeModifiability
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeModifiability
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeMultiplicity
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeMultiplicity
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeMultiplicity
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeMultiplicity
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attributeMultiplicity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attributeMultiplicity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:131:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeModifiability
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:131:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeModifiability
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attributeModifiability' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attributeModifiability' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/AttributeDto.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CategoryDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CategoryDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode: Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode: Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:101:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:101:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategoryDto.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CategorySearchDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CopyDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=14)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CopyDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=14)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deadline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deadline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyDto.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CopyUser' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CopyUser' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/CopyUser.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.exceptions.AnnotatedException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.exceptions.AnnotatedException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.exceptions.AnnotatedException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.exceptions.AnnotatedException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.FacesContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.FacesContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.FacesContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.FacesContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Inject'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Inject'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Inject'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Inject'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ErrorDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ErrorDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackTraceElements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackTraceElements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionInformation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionInformation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:43:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'stackTraceElements' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:43:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'stackTraceElements' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'stackTraceElements' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'stackTraceElements' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackTraceElements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackTraceElements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stackTraceElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stackTraceElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:46:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:51:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'exceptionInformation' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:51:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'exceptionInformation' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'exceptionInformation' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'exceptionInformation' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionInformation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionInformation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exceptionInformation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exceptionInformation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/ErrorDto.java:54:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumCopyUserDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumCopyUserDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadline' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadline' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumCopyUserDto.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.526%, NOPA=0, NOAM=34, WMC=39)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.526%, NOPA=0, NOAM=34, WMC=39)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:17:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:21:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:53:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'init()'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:53:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'init()'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'returnPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'returnPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author4' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author4' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author5' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'author5' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'publisher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'publisher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'releaseYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'releaseYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isbn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isbn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumDto.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:15:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'toString()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchCriterion.java:15:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'toString()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumSearchDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MediumSearchDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:10:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQueries
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:10:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQueries
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generalSearchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generalSearchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQueries
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQueries
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nuancedSearchQueries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nuancedSearchQueries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'NuancedSearchQuery' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'NuancedSearchQuery' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'criterion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'criterion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'term' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/MediumSearchDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'term' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:12:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PaginationDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:12:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PaginationDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'pageNumber'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:18:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'pageNumber'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAmountOfPages
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAmountOfPages
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:22:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'totalAmountOfRows'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:22:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'totalAmountOfRows'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAmountOfPages
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAmountOfPages
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalAmountOfPages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalAmountOfPages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:62:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:62:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalAmountOfRows' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalAmountOfRows' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/PaginationDto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TokenDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TokenDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'creationTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/TokenDto.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'creationTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=15.789%, NOPA=0, NOAM=32, WMC=38)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=15.789%, NOPA=0, NOAM=32, WMC=38)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:16:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isEmailVerified has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isEmailVerified has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userVerificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userVerificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordHash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordHash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isEmailVerified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isEmailVerified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'street' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'street' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:242:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:242:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:243:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:243:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:252:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:252:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:253:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:253:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'streetNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'streetNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lendingPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userLendStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userLendStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:307:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:307:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:318:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:318:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenCreation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenCreation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:363:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordSalt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:363:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordSalt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:379:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userVerificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:379:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userVerificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userVerificationStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userVerificationStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:387:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserDto.java:387:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokenDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserSearchDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserSearchDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/dtos/UserSearchDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:5:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPersonalizedMessage': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/data/exceptions/AnnotatedException.java:5:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPersonalizedMessage': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/AvailabilityStatusConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/AvailabilityStatusConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.CategoryDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.CategoryDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.CategoryDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.CategoryDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:11:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:11:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/CategoryConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:15:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:15:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '21'-'45').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '21'-'45').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numDays' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numDays' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:43:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:43:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/DurationConverter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '28'-'53').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '28'-'53').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numberOfHours' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numberOfHours' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:51:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:51:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:61:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resultValue'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/HoursToDurationConverter.java:61:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resultValue'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/MediumPreviewPositionConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/MediumPreviewPositionConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/MediumSearchCriterionConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/MediumSearchCriterionConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/RoleConverter.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/RoleConverter.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/SearchOperatorConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/SearchOperatorConverter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.StringJoiner'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.StringJoiner'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.StringJoiner'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.StringJoiner'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:15:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:15:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'urlString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'urlString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/converters/URLConverter.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:18:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:18:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/BusinessException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'wrapped' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'wrapped' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'wrapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'wrapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queue' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queue' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'viewRoot' (lines '49'-'67').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'viewRoot' (lines '49'-'67').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRoot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRoot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nav' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nav' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '71'-'80').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '71'-'80').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:72:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:72:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'queue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'queue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:96:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:96:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:117:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:117:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '117'-'118').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '117'-'118').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '118'-'120').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '118'-'120').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '120'-'124').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '120'-'124').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '122'-'124').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '122'-'124').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:122:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:122:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandler.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:11:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/CustomExceptionHandlerFactory.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.EmailConfirmation'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.EmailConfirmation'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.EmailConfirmation'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.EmailConfirmation'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.PasswordReset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.PasswordReset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.PasswordReset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.managed_beans.PasswordReset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:14:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:14:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/DeadlineException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:14:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:14:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/MailException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:11:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:11:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:16:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:16:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:16:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:16:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/exceptions/PasswordHashException.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appCustoms field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the appCustoms field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facesContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facesContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'app' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'app' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appCustomData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appCustomData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'longMsg' (lines '82'-'105').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'longMsg' (lines '82'-'105').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'longMsg' (lines '82'-'93').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'longMsg' (lines '82'-'93').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shortMsg' (lines '83'-'102').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shortMsg' (lines '83'-'102').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shortMsg' (lines '83'-'90').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shortMsg' (lines '83'-'90').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'disabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'disabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "administration.users" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "administration.users" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:108:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:108:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortSuccess' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortSuccess' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longSuccess' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longSuccess' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:137:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:137:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Administration.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'appDataId' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'appDataId' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'appDataId' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'appDataId' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:34:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:34:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationCustomization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationCustomization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idDummy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idDummy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'app' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ApplicationCustomization.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'app' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.CopyDto'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.CopyDto'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.CopyDto'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.CopyDto'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '67'-'88').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '67'-'88').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:70:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:70:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:86:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:86:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/BorrowedCopies.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryBrowser.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'defaultParentCategory' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'defaultParentCategory' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultParentCategory
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultParentCategory
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'defaultParentCategory' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:31:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'defaultParentCategory' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:101:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:101:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:104:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:104:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idOne' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idOne' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:124:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:124:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:126:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:126:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CategoryCreator.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:65:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:65:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:88:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:88:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:101:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:101:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Contact.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.UserRole'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.UserRole'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.UserRole'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.UserRole'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.daos.UserDao'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.UserDoesNotExistException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.UserDoesNotExistException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.UserDoesNotExistException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.UserDoesNotExistException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.ExternalContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.ExternalContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.ExternalContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.context.ExternalContext'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the userSession field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '70'-'91').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '70'-'91').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:73:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:73:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:89:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:89:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickup.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/CopiesReadyForPickupAllUsers.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/EmailConfirmation.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Collection'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewParameter'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewParameter'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewParameter'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewParameter'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:44:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'errorDtos' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:44:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'errorDtos' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'errorDtos' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'errorDtos' is stored directly.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'errorDtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'errorDtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:47:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sj' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sj' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Error.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Footer.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:24:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:24:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'PROPER_APPLICATION_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'PROPER_APPLICATION_ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPER_APPLICATION_ID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPER_APPLICATION_ID
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:118:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:118:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Header.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:65:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'lendCopies()' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:65:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'lendCopies()' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:65:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'lendCopies()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:65:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'lendCopies()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lent' (lines '66'-'72').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lent' (lines '66'-'72').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lent' (lines '72'-'126').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lent' (lines '72'-'126').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:74:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "An unexpected error occured during " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 74
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:74:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "An unexpected error occured during " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 74
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lentCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lentCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'change' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'change' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:179:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:179:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:188:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Lending.java:188:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paginationDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paginationDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "---" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "---" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:72:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:72:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/LendingPeriodViolation.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:60:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:60:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:60:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:60:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '81'-'119').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '81'-'119').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwordInput' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwordInput' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUserData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUserData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwordHash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'passwordHash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputHash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputHash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'navigationHandler' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'navigationHandler' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subject' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subject' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessageFail' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessageFail' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessageFail' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessageFail' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newTokenContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newTokenContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUserData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUserData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'link' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'link' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailBody' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailBody' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:150:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:150:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:188:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:188:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:210:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Login.java:210:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:50:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'init()'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:50:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'init()'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:83:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "#{msg}" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 83
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:83:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "#{msg}" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 83
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idOne' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idOne' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:118:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:118:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:120:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:120:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newCopyID' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newCopyID' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:194:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:194:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Medium.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.net.URL'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.net.URL'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.net.URL'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.net.URL'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIComponent'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIComponent'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIComponent'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIComponent'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.Part'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.Part'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.Part'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.Part'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.imageio.ImageIO'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.imageio.ImageIO'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.imageio.ImageIO'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.imageio.ImageIO'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NUM_DISPLAYED_CATEGORY_ENTRIES
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NUM_DISPLAYED_CATEGORY_ENTRIES
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the session field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the session field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like categorySearchTerm
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like categorySearchTerm
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like categorySearchTerm
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like categorySearchTerm
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paginationDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paginationDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorySearchDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorySearchDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'releaseYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumCreator.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'releaseYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NUANCED_SEARCH_QUERIES_DEFAULT_AMOUNT
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NUANCED_SEARCH_QUERIES_DEFAULT_AMOUNT
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like searchCriteriaOffset
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like searchCriteriaOffset
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'searchCriteriaOffset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'searchCriteriaOffset'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:36:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:36:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:38:	NonStaticInitializer:	NonStaticInitializer: Non-static initializers are confusing
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:38:	NonStaticInitializer:	NonStaticInitializer: Non-static initializers are confusing
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediumSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQuery
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nuancedSearchQuery
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/MediumSearch.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'medium' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:15:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:15:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:17:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:17:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'paginatedList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'paginatedList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:68:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:68:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:69:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pageNumber'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:69:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pageNumber'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PaginatedList.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.enterprise.context.RequestScoped'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.enterprise.context.RequestScoped'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.enterprise.context.RequestScoped'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.enterprise.context.RequestScoped'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the session field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the session field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenValid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenValid' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenForPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenForPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PasswordReset.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:64:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:64:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:87:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:87:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:100:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:100:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/PrivacyPolicy.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.logic.exceptions.BusinessException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:100:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:100:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:152:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:152:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Profile.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.EntityInstanceNotUniqueException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.EntityInstanceNotUniqueException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.EntityInstanceNotUniqueException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.EntityInstanceNotUniqueException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.net.URLEncoder'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.net.URLEncoder'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.net.URLEncoder'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.net.URLEncoder'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:27:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Map'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'repeatedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'repeatedPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/Registration.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:66:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'returnCopies()' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:66:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'returnCopies()' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:66:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'returnCopies()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:66:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'returnCopies()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returned' (lines '67'-'73').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returned' (lines '67'-'73').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'returned' (lines '73'-'121').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'returned' (lines '73'-'121').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lentCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lentCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'change' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'change' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:174:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:174:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:183:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/ReturnForm.java:183:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMsg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:86:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:86:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:99:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:99:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/SiteNotice.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'textContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:26:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:26:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:31:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:31:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:50:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:50:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSearch.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSession.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSession.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSession.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/managed_beans/UserSession.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/AttributeModifiability.java:4:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/AttributeModifiability.java:4:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.util.Logger'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewRoot'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewRoot'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewRoot'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.component.UIViewRoot'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.mail.NoSuchProviderException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.mail.NoSuchProviderException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.mail.NoSuchProviderException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.mail.NoSuchProviderException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:26:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'EmailUtility' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:26:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'EmailUtility' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:26:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:26:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recipient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recipient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transport' (lines '66'-'68').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transport' (lines '66'-'68').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:67:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:67:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nav' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nav' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/EmailUtility.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/JSFConfiguration.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/JSFConfiguration.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:19:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:19:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'salt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'salt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hashAsString' (lines '41'-'47').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hashAsString' (lines '41'-'47').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageDigest' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageDigest' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'InputAsBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'InputAsBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'InputAsBytes' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'InputAsBytes' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'InputAsBytes' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:45:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'InputAsBytes' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hashAsBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hashAsBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bytes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bytes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/PasswordHashingModule.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'relative' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'relative' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'relative' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'relative' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'systemEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'systemEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:40:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:40:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:84:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:84:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:87:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:87:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailSubject' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailSubject' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailBody' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailBody' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:109:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/SystemStartStop.java:109:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:14:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'TokenGenerator' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:14:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'TokenGenerator' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TokenGenerator.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TrespassListener' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TrespassListener' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TrespassListener' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:30:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TrespassListener' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'userSession' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'userSession' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:47:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'customs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:47:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'customs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has a cognitive complexity of 25, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has a cognitive complexity of 25, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 34.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 34.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phaseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phaseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has an NPath complexity of 2400, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'afterPhase(PhaseEvent)' has an NPath complexity of 2400, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:59:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'afterPhase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facesCtx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facesCtx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'externalCtx' (lines '61'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'externalCtx' (lines '61'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalCtx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'externalCtx' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'app' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'app' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'navigationHandler' (lines '63'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'navigationHandler' (lines '63'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'navigationHandler' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'navigationHandler' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRoot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRoot' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLoggedIn' (lines '68'-'71').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLoggedIn' (lines '68'-'71').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '69'-'72').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '69'-'72').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '69'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '69'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '72'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRole' (lines '72'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForAll' (lines '74'-'84').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForAll' (lines '74'-'84').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '86'-'90').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '86'-'90').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '86'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '86'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '90'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isOnFreeForOpac' (lines '90'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shortMessageLogin' (lines '92'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shortMessageLogin' (lines '92'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessageLogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessageLogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'longMessageLogin' (lines '94'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'longMessageLogin' (lines '94'-'122').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessageLogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessageLogin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accessMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accessMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:99:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:99:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:103:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:103:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:109:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:109:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:115:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:115:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:116:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:116:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'externalCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'externalCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:125:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'externalCtx'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:125:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'externalCtx'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'navigationHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'navigationHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'externalCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'externalCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'navigationHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'navigationHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phaseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phaseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:161:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/util/TrespassListener.java:161:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordRepeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passwordRepeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:38:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ConfirmPasswordValidator.java:38:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.FacesException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.FacesException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.FacesException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.faces.FacesException'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:41:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/EmailValidator.java:41:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the lending field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the lending field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validate(FacesContext, UIComponent, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validate(FacesContext, UIComponent, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'signatureContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'signatureContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureContainer
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureContainer
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:79:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:79:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:87:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:87:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:95:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LendingProcessSignatureValidator.java:95:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/LogoValidator.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/MediumCreationSignatureValidator.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field noForbiddenCharacters has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field noForbiddenCharacters has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'noForbiddenCharacters' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'noForbiddenCharacters' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like noForbiddenCharacters
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like noForbiddenCharacters
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'noForbiddenCharacters' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:22:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'noForbiddenCharacters' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field correctLength has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field correctLength has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'correctLength' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'correctLength' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'correctLength' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'correctLength' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field containsDigit has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field containsDigit has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'containsDigit' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'containsDigit' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'containsDigit' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'containsDigit' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field containsCapitalLetter has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field containsCapitalLetter has the same name as a method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'containsCapitalLetter' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'containsCapitalLetter' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like containsCapitalLetter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like containsCapitalLetter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'containsCapitalLetter' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'containsCapitalLetter' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sj' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sj' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bNoForbiddenCharacters' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bNoForbiddenCharacters' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bNoForbiddenCharacters
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bNoForbiddenCharacters
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bCorrectLength' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bCorrectLength' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bContainsDigit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bContainsDigit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sj
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'bundle'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:75:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'bundle'.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bContainsCapitalLetter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bContainsCapitalLetter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bContainsCapitalLetter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/PasswordValidator.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bContainsCapitalLetter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:24:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:24:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:37:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/RegularExpressionValidator.java:37:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the returnForm field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the returnForm field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validate(FacesContext, UIComponent, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validate(FacesContext, UIComponent, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:53:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:53:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'signatureContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'signatureContainer' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureContainer
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureContainer
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:80:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:80:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "returnForm.invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "returnForm.invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:88:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:88:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:96:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:96:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:104:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/ReturnFormSignatureValidator.java:104:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:38:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:38:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:53:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:53:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:61:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsAndCanLendValidator.java:61:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:34:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:34:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '36'-'49').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'messages' (lines '36'-'49').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shortMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'longMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserExistsValidator.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Named'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Named'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Named'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'jakarta.inject.Named'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facesContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uiComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:41:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:41:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/logic/validators/UserValidator.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:25:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ApplicationDao' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:25:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ApplicationDao' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:25:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:25:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:46:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:46:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:60:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:60:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:93:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:93:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:120:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:120:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:136:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:136:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:142:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:142:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:176:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:176:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:182:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:182:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:195:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:195:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:209:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:209:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:228:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:228:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'applicationDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:238:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:238:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lendingPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lendingPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:268:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lendingPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:268:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lendingPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markingPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markingPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:270:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like markingPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:270:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like markingPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remindPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remindPeriodSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:272:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like remindPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:272:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like remindPeriodSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:288:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:288:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getMarkingLimit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getMarkingLimit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markingLimitSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markingLimitSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like markingLimitSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:294:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like markingLimitSeconds
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:303:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:303:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getReminder' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getReminder' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reminderSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reminderSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:317:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:317:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:318:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:318:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getGlobalLimit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getGlobalLimit' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:321:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'globalSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'globalSeconds' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/ApplicationDao.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.data.dtos.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'de.dedede.model.persistence.exceptions.*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:36:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createCategory(CategoryDto)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:36:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'createCategory(CategoryDto)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '38'-'89').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '38'-'89').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentCategoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentCategoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:58:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:58:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:60:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:60:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:60:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:60:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:65:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:65:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:82:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:82:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:84:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:84:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:84:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:84:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearchDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorySearchDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'paginationDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'paginationDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:118:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:118:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:162:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:162:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:165:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:165:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:195:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:195:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:198:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:198:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:221:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:221:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readCategoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readCategoryId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:224:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createStmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createStmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:247:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:247:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:255:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:255:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoryDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:264:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:264:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:279:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:279:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:281:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:281:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:281:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/CategoryDao.java:281:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:40:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=77, ATFD=234, TCC=20.308%)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:40:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=77, ATFD=234, TCC=20.308%)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ACQUIRING_CONNECTION_PERIOD
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:60:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:60:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:83:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:83:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:105:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:105:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:135:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:135:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:145:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:145:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:167:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setLendStatusOnRegisteredUsers' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:167:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setLendStatusOnRegisteredUsers' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'affected' (lines '170'-'178').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'affected' (lines '170'-'178').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:170:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'affected' is never used (overwritten on line 178)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:170:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'affected' is never used (overwritten on line 178)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:172:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:172:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'statusString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'statusString' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:178:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'affected' (lines '178'-'188').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:178:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'affected' (lines '178'-'188').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setOrRetrieveUserToken' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setOrRetrieveUserToken' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:235:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:235:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'changed' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'changed' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:246:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:246:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'creation' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'creation' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:273:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:273:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:279:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:283:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:283:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:290:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:290:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:295:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:299:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:299:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:320:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:320:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completeUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:325:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'completeUser'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:325:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'completeUser'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:352:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:352:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:383:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:383:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:390:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:390:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:393:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:393:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:407:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:407:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:409:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:409:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:409:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:409:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:423:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:423:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:433:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:433:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:433:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:433:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:435:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:435:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:435:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readUserId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:435:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readUserId' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:438:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:448:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:448:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:458:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:458:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:471:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:471:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:483:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:483:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:483:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:483:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'updateStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numAffectedRows' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:507:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:507:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:507:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:507:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:520:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:520:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:521:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:525:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:525:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:528:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:528:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:542:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:554:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:554:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:558:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:558:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:562:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:562:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:562:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:562:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:563:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:575:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:575:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:575:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:575:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:576:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:576:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:576:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:576:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:579:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:579:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:580:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:581:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:581:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:582:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:582:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:589:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:589:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checkingStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:592:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:592:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	CheckResultSet:	CheckResultSet: Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:593:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:595:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:595:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:601:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:602:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:602:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deleteStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:604:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:604:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:611:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:611:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:611:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:611:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:613:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:613:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'readStmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:617:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:617:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:618:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:619:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:619:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:625:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:625:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:644:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lendingPeriod' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:644:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lendingPeriod' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:646:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:646:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userLendStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:648:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:648:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'verificationStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:648:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:648:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationStatus
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:650:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRole' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:650:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRole' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:657:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:657:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:658:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:658:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokenDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:660:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestamp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:660:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestamp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/daos/UserDao.java:661:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/AttributeTypeDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CategoryDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ConfigurationDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/CopyIsNotAvailableException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/DriverNotFoundException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/EntityInstanceNotUniqueException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidConfigurationException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidLogFileException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidSchemaException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/InvalidUserForCopyException.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/LostConnectionException.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MaxConnectionsException.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/MediumDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/ParentCategoryDoesNotExistException.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserDoesNotExistException.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/exceptions/UserExceededDeadlineException.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:23:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'InnerInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:23:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'InnerInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the InnerInstance field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the InnerInstance field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'InnerInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'InnerInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'InnerInstance' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'InnerInstance' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemConfigurations
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like systemConfigurations
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:51:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:51:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConfigReader.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:25:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:25:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'INSTANCE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'INSTANCE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'INSTANCE'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'INSTANCE'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'INSTANCE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'INSTANCE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:30:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	AvoidUsingVolatile: Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:30:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	AvoidUsingVolatile: Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lifecycleSemaphore
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lifecycleSemaphore
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like connectionSemaphore
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like connectionSemaphore
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxConnections' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxConnections' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:76:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:76:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxConnections' (lines '83'-'84').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxConnections' (lines '83'-'84').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numConnections' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numConnections' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connProps' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connProps' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sslEnabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sslEnabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:100:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '107'-'119').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '107'-'119').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:112:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:112:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:127:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:127:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/ConnectionPool.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:24:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:24:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'tableNames' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'tableNames' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'tableNames' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'tableNames' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'execute(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'execute(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:48:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:48:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:59:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:59:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:71:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:71:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:92:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:92:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'connection' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:94:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'connection' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:101:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:101:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:119:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'setUpDatabase()' has a cognitive complexity of 20, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:119:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'setUpDatabase()' has a cognitive complexity of 20, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:119:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setUpDatabase()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:119:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setUpDatabase()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpInstance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpInstance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thread' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thread' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:130:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:130:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '133'-'138').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '133'-'138').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tableName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tableName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:140:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:140:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:143:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:143:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:144:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:144:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:147:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:147:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:154:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:154:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:158:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:158:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mp
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mp
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:187:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'consoleDialogue(Connection)' has a cognitive complexity of 21, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:187:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'consoleDialogue(Connection)' has a cognitive complexity of 21, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:191:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:191:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:199:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:199:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputStreamReader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputStreamReader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stdn' (lines '200'-'263').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stdn' (lines '200'-'263').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stdn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stdn' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'scanner' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'scanner' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'command' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'command' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fc' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fc' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:216:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fc
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:216:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fc
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:218:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:218:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:218:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:218:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:237:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:241:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:241:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:246:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:246:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:256:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:256:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:267:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:267:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dropTables' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dropTables' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:277:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:277:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dropTypes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dropTypes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:286:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:286:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:293:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:293:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:293:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:293:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:297:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:297:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:301:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:301:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's4' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's4' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s4
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s4
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's5' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's5' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:310:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s5
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:310:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s5
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's6' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's6' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:314:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s6
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:314:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s6
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:323:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:327:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:331:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes4' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes4' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes4
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:335:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes4
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes5' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes5' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes5
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:339:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes5
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes6' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomTypes6' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes6
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:343:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomTypes6
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomType11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createCustomType11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomType11
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:347:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createCustomType11
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:355:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:355:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's11' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's12' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's12' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's14' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's14' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:404:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:408:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createIndependent2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:412:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like createIndependent2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:421:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:421:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's13' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's13' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:444:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:444:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createMedium' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createMedium' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:452:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:452:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's17' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's17' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:472:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:472:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createDependent2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'createDependent2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:484:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertDefaultAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:484:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertDefaultAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:484:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertDefaultAdmin
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:484:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertDefaultAdmin
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insSaAppData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insSaAppData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:504:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:504:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleAppData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleAppData' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:509:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:509:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:509:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'defAdm' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:509:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'defAdm' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:516:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:516:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:518:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCategory1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:518:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCategory1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:518:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCategory1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:518:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCategory1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:523:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCategory2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:523:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCategory2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:523:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCategory2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:523:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCategory2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:528:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleMediums' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:528:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleMediums' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:528:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleMediums
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:528:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleMediums
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:548:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:548:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insertSampleCopies' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:571:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCopies
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:571:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like insertSampleCopies
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:581:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:581:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:581:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleCategories1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:581:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleCategories1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:583:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:585:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:585:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:587:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:587:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleCategories2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleCategories2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:589:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:593:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:593:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:593:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleMedium' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:593:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleMedium' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:595:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:597:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:597:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:599:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:599:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sampleUsers' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:601:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:605:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:605:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:605:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'samCop' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:605:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'samCop' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c9' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c9' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c9
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:606:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c9
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/DataLayerInitializer.java:608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newFileCreated' (lines '35'-'40').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newFileCreated' (lines '35'-'40').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'configReader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'configReader' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:40:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFileCreated' (lines '40'-'51').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:40:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFileCreated' (lines '40'-'51').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:60:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:60:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:74:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:75:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:86:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:86:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logLevel' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logLevel' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:90:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'consoleOutput' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'consoleOutput' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:99:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:100:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:100:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:106:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:106:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logDirectory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logDirectory' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestamp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestamp' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:121:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:121:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:125:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:125:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on enum 'LogLevel': nested enums are implicitly static
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Logger.java:125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on enum 'LogLevel': nested enums are implicitly static
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:67:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:67:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:78:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:78:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doRemind' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doRemind' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sent' (lines '89'-'104').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sent' (lines '89'-'104').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastname' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mediumTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mediumTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadline' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadline' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'style' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'style' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timeLeft' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timeLeft' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recipient' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recipient' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'body' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'body' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sent' (lines '104'-'104').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sent' (lines '104'-'104').
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyAsIntInMinutes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyAsIntInMinutes' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param4' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param4' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentWithParam' could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:186:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/MaintenanceProcess.java:186:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'contentWithParam'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:12:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Pagination' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:12:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Pagination' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/de/dedede/model/persistence/util/Pagination.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pagination' is not assigned and could be declared final
